# Tandemland-Bot-Program
The bot program created by RelatedONE and maintained by JonLasaga and friends of the Tandemland Real Traffic Project.

This bot program is created in python and uses version 3.3.  Make sure to install this version specifically for running the program as it becomes deprecated if run in new versions.  This program allows Assetto Corsa server owners to add bots for traffic or replay purposes to their server.  It works by communicating the location, speed, and rotation to the server.  It essentially emulates a real player connecting to the server and replays a pre recorded path and sends data to the server.

If you would like to connect to the official server you can find car packs and map content as well as a connection link in this discord server. https://discord.gg/VxARQ7F  Feel free to ask for support here as well and post bugs related to the program.  It will help development progress. 

# Bot Setup Guide
This guide will walk you through the basics of setting up and running the bot program.

# Serverside Setup
The server must be setup correctly for the bots to work as they do not have an interface in order to connect to the server.  This means you must have both the UDP and TCP port set to the same number on your server.  It does not matter which one but they must be set to the same one.  If you do not do this you will get a connection refused error as the bot will not be able to start the process of joining the server.  I highly suggest you use the content manager server setup section to create the files for your server as the OEM Assetto server manager has caused bugs in the past.  Make sure that you upload all of your cars and content to the server through ftp to make sure you have the correct files on both the server and the machine you will be running the bot on.

# Botside Setup
This bot program consists of two different scripts that both need to be run in order to make the bot work.  Both MUST be run on a windows machine as that is what they were created for and the linux version is not complete.  This also means you will need another pc running at all times to keep the bots online.  You will have one script called ACBOT and one called make_checksums.  Lets start with configuring the Acbot file first.  Open it up and inside at the top you will see the fields for your IP address for the server as well as the port and the car.  The first two are self explanitory put in your ip address and port that you have setup.  For the car you need to use the name of the car that the entrylist config uses.  Whatever car you put in here will be used as traffic.  currently you can only have one kind of car for traffic but this will be adjusted later.  After changing those fields make sure to set your assetto corsa path to the path you keep it on in your hard drive or ssd.  Next you must make a checksum of all of your files.  This will make sure that all files are complete and usable by the program.  If any file fails you must either redownload it with all of the missing files or delete it so that the process can complete.  You may want to have a seperate assetto install for this as some of the cars you use every day may be slightly broken and you would have to uninstall them to be able to run the program.  To run the program move it to the assetto corsa directory then open up a power shell window in your directoy with the make_checksums files and  run it in the window.  This will allow you to see any mods that failed to verify.  Once all files are verified move the new file created called checksum back to the folder you keep your acbot file in.

# Recording Your First Replay
Now that you are all setup its time to record a replay to play as a bot in the server.  To do this you must first open up your assetto corsa game on the same map as the server has and wait.  While waiting open up the bot program with administrator priviledges.  This is what the batch file is for.  Once you have verified administrator priviledges with windows it will open and there will be an option to hit 5 to toggle recording.  When you hit 5 you want to wait for the program to get ready and when its ready it will beep 3 times.  Once it does that you can begin driving and recording your file and hit 5 when you are done.  The file will be saved under whatever name you set it as and you will be able to add bots to the server.  

# Adding bots
to add a bot you hit 1 until you have filled all bot slots.  After that you can either play recordings individually or play a single recording with all of your bots in tandem with a delay between 1 and 10 seconds.  When the bots begin to move you will have a display showing you the speed and position of each bot.  If you made it this far congrats you have bots!
